Xie Xian is the Night God Doctor
How is that possible?
How can there be such a small thing in your world?
Master Liu, I think you may have misunderstood.
I'm not the genius doctor you say
This tower is my guess
Whoever holds it is Night God Doctor
Can't be wrong, are you still here?
Do you still deny the fact that you saved me?
Do you think I'm not worthy of you?
If Ye Yan treats the body again
My Wang family must find
Never deceive others
That Miss Ruyan, you know
Ye Yan is the son-in-law of my Wang family
He hates my daughter
Yes, hey.
Miss Liu
My sister and my brother-in-law have a relationship, but their relationship is stronger than gold
You have a great career
You won't dig the corner of my Wang family, will you?
Hey.
I told you so.
I have already made a clean break with your Wang family
Fuck you heartless
If you abandon my Qianqian
I'm the first to disagree, mom.
You don't care now
What happened to the doctor?
Even if the Heavenly King Lao Tzu joins my Wang family
He has to be grateful too
I don't care.
It's not that easy for you to get rid of my Wang family
All right, we'll talk about that later.
Also consider
Why don't you help my father check his body first?
What do you think?